TODO:
X add button for players to add card to the river.
* maybe prevent tiles to be deleted, they must be discarded (or discard on deletion?)
X add way to take a card back from the table to the river.
* sync river after discard hand from GM
X limit right click options on river cards.
X allow skill check to boost with suit
X skills have a score now and can be rolled
X improve statuses (injury, etc) to show stress mitigation and description of what it does?
X moxie is now called stress
X see cards in chat would be nice
X show river cards differently in the hand and table would be a plus
X Compute impact of statuses into rolls
X Inventory list UI
X Contact list UI and Roll and Model
X Allow to click on items to print them in chat.
X draw button in sheets
X boost checkbox in sheets
X stress as checkboxes

BUGS:
* Clicking fast can go over river limits (hard to reproduce)
X Dropping cards x,y position is in relation to local screen, not GM's screen, which means the card is dropped wherever.
X Notes is written all smol
X when player draw cards from their deck its finnicky... there is certainly an issue with slots because I lose 1 card if the GM adds 4 cards to river and I draw 3 from deck from a player, i lose 1 river card...
* sometimes there are two deck folders at start and it causes issue with the playerdeck game id
X flow de take envoie pas l'event de sync de river... pas considéré comme dans river jusqu'à temps qu'on add-to-river chatMessageOnPlayerAction
X les pecnauds voient pas la river en bleu
****** After drawing all cards, and a reset, the cards in the roll sheet was not good.


Remove actions to NPCs when player win an action against.
I.E Skeleton has Shambles, Bite, Grab... he can do these until player win exchange, then GM remove one. until no actions are left. I.e. remove shambles, the skeleton has broken leg now, but still can bite and grab
System Goblin Gazeteer...

Voir les combats comme des phases et des actions. Exemple 5 "steps" de boss fight... quand tu réussi tu progresse... conséquences à l'échec. Voir PDF de goblinville pis neon city overdrive
Approche mothership avec des hits. Quand on réussi un skillcheck on enlève un hit. Les NPCs feraient pas de skillcheck.
Popcorn initiative?? -> passer la parole au suivant
Vu que les monstres agissent quand les joueurs sont en échec
